Create Dart documentation (#279)
cloudstateio/cloudstate: docs/src/main/paradox/user/lang/dart/gettingstarted.md

# Getting started with stateful services in Dart

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer: The tabbed version of definition lists is triggered by code blocks, in javascript, which is why you're seeing this formatting compared with the prerequisites for other support modules.

For these prerequisites, you could just have `Dart version`, `Build tool`, `protoc`, and `docker` as subheadings (`###`) and not definition lists, or they could be put in a table.

# Getting started with stateful services in Dart

## Prerequisites

### Dart version
Cloudstate Dart support requires Dart sdk >=2.7.0 <3.0.0.

### Build tool
Use Dart [Pub](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/cmd) tool for build Cloudstate Dart projects.

### Protoc
Since Cloudstate is based on gRPC, you need a protoc compiler to compile gRPC protobuf descriptors. While this can be done by downloading, [installing and running protoc manually](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf#protocol-compiler-installation). You will also need to add a plugin to compile the proto files for Dart classes.

```shell script
pub global activate protoc_plugin
```

> The compiler plugin, protoc-gen-dart, is installed in $HOME/.pub-cache/bin. It must be in your PATH for the protocol compiler, protoc, to find it.

Reviewer: Suggest that anything like paths is inline code:

```suggestion
The compiler plugin, protoc-gen-dart, is installed in `$HOME/.pub-cache/bin`. It must be in your PATH for the protocol compiler, protoc, to find it.
```

```shell script
export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.pub-cache/bin
```

### Docker
Cloudstate runs in Kubernetes with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/), hence you will need Docker to build a container that you can deploy to Kubernetes. Below is a Dockerfile file with Dart support:

```shell script
FROM google/dart

WORKDIR /app

ADD pubspec.yaml /app/
RUN pub get
ADD . /app
RUN pub get --offline
RUN dart --snapshot-kind=kernel --snapshot=bin/main.dart.snapshot bin/main.dart

CMD []
ENTRYPOINT ["/usr/bin/dart", "--enable-asserts",  "--enable-vm-service:8181", "bin/main.dart.snapshot"]
```

In addition to the above, you will need to install the Cloudstate Dart support library, which can be done as follows:

> : @@@vars   

Reviewer: This is currently displaying as a tabbed definition list, because of the `: `

<img width="1073" alt="Screen Shot 2020-05-08 at 3 14 25 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59895/81366391-a1fe0300-913e-11ea-8342-a837d81039b3.png">

Expect this should just be a regular paragraph and code block.

```suggestion
@@@vars
```

```yaml
dependencies:
  cloudstate: ^$cloudstate.dart-support.version$
  async: ^2.2.0
  grpc: ^2.1.3
  protobuf: ^1.0.1
```
@@@

## Protobuf files

> You will need to create a folder to store the .proto definition files for your project. So create a folder called protos at the root of your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to create a folder to store the .proto definition files for your project. Create a folder called `protos` at the root of your project.
```

So, if you were to build the example shopping cart application shown earlier in @ref:[gRPC descriptors](../../features/grpc.md) and assuming you created a project called shopping_cart, you could simply paste that protobuf into `shopping_cart/protos/shoppingcart.proto`.

> Now if you run the protoc in the root folder of your project for generate Dart files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now run `protoc` in the root folder of your project to generate Dart files:
```

```shell script
protoc --include_imports \
     --descriptor_set_out=user-function.desc \
     -I protos/persistence/domain.proto protos/shoppingcart.proto \
     --dart_out=grpc:lib/src/generated
```

@@@ note { title=Important }

> Using the descriptor_set_out = user-function.desc option exactly as presented is mandatory since the Dart library will look for the user-function.desc file at the root of your project during the startup phase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `descriptor_set_out = user-function.desc` option exactly as presented is mandatory since the Dart library will look for the `user-function.desc` file at the root of your project during the startup phase.
```

@@@

## Creating a main function

> Your main class will be responsible for creating the Cloudstate gRPC server, registering the entities for your placement and starting it. To do this, you can use the `Cloudstate` class server builder, for example, in the bin/ folder create a file called main.dart with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your main class will be responsible for creating the Cloudstate gRPC server, registering the entities for your placement and starting it. To do this, you can use the `Cloudstate` class server builder, for example, in the `bin/` folder create a file called `main.dart` with the following content:
```
